Add First steps to index.md (#179)
UniPiTechnology/evok: docs/index.md

[evok-web](https://github.com/UniPiTechnology/evok-web-jq) is a simple demo web application using Evok demonstrating its usage and allowing easy control of the devices configured in Evok.

## First steps

Quickly start using Evok:

- In order to use Evok, you need any [Unipi controller](https://www.unipi.technology/shop/).
- Obtain an OS for controller of your choice, either [Base OS or Node-RED OS](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:files:software:os-images:00-start).
- Use service mode to flash [Patron](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:007-patron:service-mode) or [Gate](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:025-gate:service-mode), for Neuron, [flash an SD card](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:02-neuron:image).
- Install Evok, you can skip this step if you do not need Evok-web on Node-RED OS:
    - Connect to the unit via [ssh](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:automation:unipi-ssh-connect-hidden#selecting_a_suitable_communication_software)
    - Run `apt update` command, then install Evok by `apt install -y evok`, if you want also the demo web inteface, execute `apt install -y evok-web`, for detailed walktrough see the [detailed article](./installation.md)

> - If you installed the web, you can try opening `http://<unit-IP-adrress>/` in your web browser and you can turn on and off relays or digital outputs.

Reviewer: If node-red is installed, it is possible to test Evok using the node-red dashboard. At the same time it is not necessary to install Evok. Maybe it would be better to split these 2 approaches into separate sections?

Author: Added separate sections.

> - You can try to use the API in bash ([more information about API](./apis.md)):

Reviewer: In default configuration is API only for local host. You must change configuration or use nginx to API access (configured by evok-web)

Author: Can you check it?

    - Returning the state of digital input DI 1_01 `curl --request GET --url http://<your-ip>:8080/json/di/1_01 --header 'Accept: text/html, application/json'`
    - Switch on the RO 2_01 relay: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/ro/2_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 1}'`

>     - Switch off the RO 2_01 relay: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/ro/2_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 0}'`

Reviewer: 2th section is not on all Unipi controllers. For demonstration it is better to use DO1_1. Its on most controllers.

Author: Addressed.

[evok-web](https://github.com/UniPiTechnology/evok-web-jq) is a simple demo web application using Evok demonstrating its usage and allowing easy control of the devices configured in Evok.

## First steps

Quickly start using Evok:

- In order to use Evok, you need any [Unipi controller](https://www.unipi.technology/shop/).
- Obtain an OS for controller of your choice, either [Base OS or Node-RED OS](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:files:software:os-images:00-start).
- Use service mode to flash [Patron](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:007-patron:service-mode) or [Gate](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:025-gate:service-mode), for Neuron, [flash an SD card](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:hw:02-neuron:image).
- Install Evok, you can skip this step if you do not need Evok-web on Node-RED OS:
    - Connect to the unit via [ssh](https://kb.unipi.technology/en:automation:unipi-ssh-connect-hidden#selecting_a_suitable_communication_software)
    - Run `apt update` command, then install Evok by `apt install -y evok`, if you want also the demo web inteface, execute `apt install -y evok-web`, for detailed walktrough see the [detailed article](./installation.md).

> - You can try to use the API using bash or Node-RED, ([more information about API](./apis.md)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can try to use the API using bash or Node-RED, ([more information about API](./apis/json#Examples)):
```

> === "Bash"

Reviewer: Maybe link to `./apis/json#Examples` ??

Author: Where exactly, can you suggest exact change?
![obrazek](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8611f9da-e7da-46bd-9112-d35d091aaf4f)

Reviewer: Suggestion added

    Following commands will work only via SSH, executed on the unit itself. If you wish to open the API from elsewhere, edit [configuration of Evok](./configs/evok_configuration.md#api-settings).

    - Returning the state of digital input DI 1_01 `curl --request GET --url http://<your-ip>:8080/json/di/1_01 --header 'Accept: text/html, application/json'`
    - Switch on the DO 1_01 relay: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/do/1_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 1}'`

>     - Switch off the DO 1_01 relay: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/do/1_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 0}'`

Reviewer: Switch ... the DO 1_01 ~~relay~~

=== "Evok web"

>     Open `http://<unit-IP-adrress>/` and toggle some outputs.

Reviewer: It would be good to put a screenshot here for a better idea.

=== "Node-RED"

>     Open `http://<unit-IP-adrress>:1880/` and try the default Node-RED project.

Reviewer: It would be good to put a screenshot here for a better idea.

- You can try to use the API using bash or Node-RED, ([more information about API](./apis.md)):

=== "Bash"

    Following commands will work only via SSH, executed on the unit itself. If you wish to open the API from elsewhere, edit [configuration of Evok](./configs/evok_configuration.md#api-settings).

    - Returning the state of digital input DI 1_01 `curl --request GET --url http://<your-ip>:8080/json/di/1_01 --header 'Accept: text/html, application/json'`
    - Switch on the DO 1_01: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/do/1_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 1}'`
    - Switch off the DO 1_01: `curl --request POST --url http://192.168.1.2:8080/json/do/1_01 --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"value": 0}'`

=== "Evok web"

    Open `http://<unit-IP-adrress>/` and toggle some outputs:
    ![Evok-web interface](./img/evok-web.png)

> === "Node-RED"

Reviewer: Add information (and photo?) about default node-red dashboard (for many people the important information is that the dashboard is on the endpoint '/ui')

> === "Node-RED"

Reviewer: Add information (and photo?) about default node-red dashboard (for many people the important information is that the dashboard is on the endpoint '/ui')
